Hello, everyone.
This should be a pretty short lesson, and I just want to make a couple quick edits to our campus post
type and then we can change gears in our next lesson.
OK, so first let me navigate to an individual campus screen so campuses and then maybe click on downtown
West.
All right.
Now, the first thing I want to do is make an edit to the template that powers this screen.
So in our text editor, let's jump in to single campus and back in the browser, you'll notice that
the last thing on this page is this programs available at this campus section.
So back in our text editor, if we scroll down here, we see the related programs query and here's the
end of the related programs, HTML.
But then even below that, we see another custom query that's pulling in events.
Now, the reason this is here is because we created this single campus template by duplicating single
dash program.
Now, if you want extra credit or extra exercises to work on, you can go ahead and try to create a
relationship between campuses and events.
But for the sake of keeping this course moving forward and not being too repetitive, I'm not going
to walk through that right now.
So that means there's no reason for me to have this extra query in my template.
If we're not actually using it, it's just going to slow down our website.
So I'm just going to go ahead and delete this custom query as well as the while loop code.
OK, so now the final in this section is our related programs, and we can still leave reset post data
just to be safe.
OK, so we got rid of that unnecessary code.
That was our first goal.
My only other goal for this lesson is if we jump back to the all campus archive screen, I want to make
sure that even if we had 20 or 100 different pins and campus posts that they would all display on this
screen because remember, by default, WordPress is only going to query 10 posts at a time.
Now, in actuality, we only have two posts, but I want to make our code flexible.
So in order to tell our campus archive to query all campus posts, let's go into our functions file.
And in this functions file, let's scroll down to the very bottom.
And if you scroll up just a tiny bit from the bottom, you'll see we have a function named University
Adjust queries.
And you might remember that this block of code is customizing the program query and this block of code
is customizing the event archive query.
So why don't we just go ahead and duplicate this block of code that's for programs and change it a bit
to be for campuses.
So select this copy.
It may be right above it.
Paste it in the statement condition.
We are saying if you are not in the admin, so if you're on the front end of the website and the current
post type is and let's change it from program to campus, and as long as it's the main query, if all
of that is the case, then do this.
So in this case, we do not need to worry about ordering by title so we can delete that.
And we don't need to set the order to be ascending so we can delete that.
But we do want to leave this line in place.
Right.
We want posts per page to be negative one because that will pull in all posts.
However, just to test this out, just to make sure that this is targeting the right screen and you
are, well, why don't we temporarily set this to one and save this?
And then if we refresh the screen, hopefully once we refresh, there will only be one pin.
Cool, so we just see one pin for one post, so that means this code is indeed working.
So now let's just set it back to negative one and now we can sleep at night knowing that this archive
screen is flexible and will work just fine even if we have 40 or 50 campuses.
And that's going to bring this lesson to a close.
I promised it would be short.
Now, in our next lesson, we are going to change gears and start working on our live search results
powered by JavaScript.
And this is probably going to be the most exciting and fun to work on part of the course.
Let's keep it rolling and I will see you then.